# Overview
Our client has grown and and has expanded to hundredsof outlets across the country. Due to the demand that the company is receiving, they need to figure out how they can best target new and returning customers, and also understandwhich products are selling well. They are experiencing issues with collating and analysing the data they are producing at each branch, as their technical setup is limited.

The Solution: The plan was to build a fully scalable ETL pipeline to handle large volumes of transaction data for the business. This pipeline would collect all the transaction data generated by each individual café and place it in a single location. By being able to easily query the company's data as a whole, the client would drastically increase their ability to identify company-wide trends and insights.

# Team 5 Values Alignment
## How are you going to balance rest with work?
-	By taking regular breaks
-	Try to rest on the weekends
-	Stay after the work day is done to avoid working on weekends
-	Self care (different for everyone)

## How are you going to support yourself and each other?
-	By making sure we are well rested
-	Asking questions sooner rather than later
-	Nobody gets left behind
-	Check on each other
-	Accountability – own it.
-	Be empathetic and patient to your colleagues

## How are you going to challenge yourself and each other?
-	Hold each other accountable for sprint tasks
-	Set up clear goals (finish tickets)
-	Don’t just do tasks your very familiar with

## How are you going to apply yourselves to the work, what professional standards will you uphold?
-	Clear communication
-	Be dependable
-	Be efficient (time-management)
-	Be patient

## How are you going to decide who works on what?
-	Pair with someone who has more comfortability with a task
-	Try our best to evenly distribute the workload

## How are you going to deal with conflict?
-	COMMUNICATE!!!
-	Ask for opinions
-	Majority wins (make a poll)
-	Be understanding and have patient

# Set up ways of working
## How are you going to operate efficiently as a team?
-	Make sure everyone understands the tasks that need to be carried out
-	Communicate through slack /  Zoom
-	We are all equal no one is superior to someone else

## Will you have a daily stand-up?
-	Daily stand ups until we are comfortable to move it to every other day

## Will you have retrospectives?
-	Quick catch up at the end of the day to assess whether to stay for longer to get the daily tasks done

## How will you structure your retro?
-	Take lead on discussing what went well, what could have been better and how I / we will overcome it.
-	Rough guide to what our next steps will be.

## How will you decide to split the workload?
-	Take initiative in owning a task
-	Pair or try finding solutions as a team if the task is difficult
-	Try to be fair in splitting the work load. i.e one person shouldn’t always be doing the more time consuming tasks.
## What methods of communication will you use?
-   Slack / Zoom(video/voice)
## Will you use different git branches to create and test features in?
-	Yes, we will be using different git branches to work and test the features we are implementing before merging with the main branch
## Will you make use of GitHub's PR feature so that other members can review your code?
-	Yes, we will have other members of the group to review our code before making a merge with the main branch

# Define definition of done
## What does done look like to the group?
-	Create clean code that does the job
-	Meets the requirements of the product owner
-	Do error handling
-	Test(make sure it works)
-	Documentation(possible README)
-	Make sure it is deployable
-	Everyone understands what the functionality does and explain
-	Be specific with features don’t do extra
-	Refactor code
-	Follows a certain structure
